<!--- AUTOGENERATED BY `./recipes.py test train` -->
# Package documentation for [infra]()
## Table of Contents

**[Recipe Modules](#Recipe-Modules)**
  * [authutil](#recipe_modules-authutil)
  * [auto_roller](#recipe_modules-auto_roller)
  * [bazel](#recipe_modules-bazel)
  * [catapult](#recipe_modules-catapult)
  * [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd)
  * [clang_tidy](#recipe_modules-clang_tidy)
  * [cloudkms](#recipe_modules-cloudkms)
  * [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia)
  * [gerrit](#recipe_modules-gerrit)
  * [git](#recipe_modules-git)
  * [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles)
  * [go](#recipe_modules-go)
  * [goma](#recipe_modules-goma)
  * [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil)
  * [hash](#recipe_modules-hash)
  * [isolated](#recipe_modules-isolated)
  * [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri)
  * [lkgs](#recipe_modules-lkgs)
  * [minfs](#recipe_modules-minfs)
  * [qemu](#recipe_modules-qemu)
  * [service_account](#recipe_modules-service_account)
  * [swarming](#recipe_modules-swarming)
  * [tar](#recipe_modules-tar)
  * [zbi](#recipe_modules-zbi)

**[Recipes](#Recipes)**
  * [authutil:examples/full](#recipes-authutil_examples_full)
  * [auto_roller:examples/full](#recipes-auto_roller_examples_full) &mdash; Example recipe for auto-rolling.
  * [bazel:examples/full](#recipes-bazel_examples_full)
  * [bloaty](#recipes-bloaty) &mdash; Recipe for building Bloaty.
  * [breakpad_tools](#recipes-breakpad_tools) &mdash; Recipe for building some Breakpad tools.
  * [catapult:examples/full](#recipes-catapult_examples_full)
  * [cipd:examples/full](#recipes-cipd_examples_full)
  * [cipd:examples/platform_suffix](#recipes-cipd_examples_platform_suffix)
  * [clang_tidy](#recipes-clang_tidy) &mdash; Recipe for running CQ-blocking clang-tidy checks.
  * [clang_tidy:examples/full](#recipes-clang_tidy_examples_full)
  * [clang_toolchain](#recipes-clang_toolchain) &mdash; Recipe for building Clang toolchain.
  * [cloudkms:examples/full](#recipes-cloudkms_examples_full)
  * [cobalt](#recipes-cobalt) &mdash; Recipe for building and testing Cobalt.
  * [cut_release](#recipes-cut_release) &mdash; Recipe for automatically cutting new release branches.
  * [dart_flutter_roller](#recipes-dart_flutter_roller) &mdash; Recipe for automatically updating Flutter, flutter/engine, and Dart.
  * [dart_pkg_roller](#recipes-dart_pkg_roller) &mdash; Recipe for automatically updating Dart 3p packages.
  * [dart_toolchain](#recipes-dart_toolchain) &mdash; Recipe for building Dart toolchain.
  * [docs_roller](#recipes-docs_roller) &mdash; Recipe for generating docs.
  * [ffmpeg](#recipes-ffmpeg) &mdash; Recipe for building libffmpeg and uploading it and required source files.
  * [fuchsia](#recipes-fuchsia) &mdash; Recipe for building Fuchsia and running tests.
  * [fuchsia:examples/fuchsia](#recipes-fuchsia_examples_fuchsia) &mdash; Recipe for building Fuchsia and running tests.
  * [fuchsia_perf](#recipes-fuchsia_perf) &mdash; Recipe for building Fuchsia and running performance tests.
  * [fuchsia_roller](#recipes-fuchsia_roller) &mdash; Recipe for rolling Fuchsia layers into upper layers.
  * [gcc_toolchain](#recipes-gcc_toolchain) &mdash; Recipe for building GCC toolchain.
  * [gerrit:examples/full](#recipes-gerrit_examples_full)
  * [git:examples/full](#recipes-git_examples_full)
  * [gitiles:examples/full](#recipes-gitiles_examples_full)
  * [go:examples/full](#recipes-go_examples_full)
  * [go_toolchain](#recipes-go_toolchain) &mdash; Recipe for building Go toolchain.
  * [goma:examples/full](#recipes-goma_examples_full)
  * [gsutil:examples/full](#recipes-gsutil_examples_full)
  * [hash:examples/full](#recipes-hash_examples_full)
  * [infra](#recipes-infra) &mdash; Recipe for building and publishing infra tools.
  * [isolated:examples/full](#recipes-isolated_examples_full)
  * [jiri](#recipes-jiri) &mdash; Recipe for building Jiri.
  * [jiri:examples/full](#recipes-jiri_examples_full)
  * [licenses](#recipes-licenses) &mdash; Recipe for checking license text in the source code.
  * [lkgs:examples/full](#recipes-lkgs_examples_full)
  * [llvm](#recipes-llvm) &mdash; Recipe for building LLVM.
  * [minfs:examples/full](#recipes-minfs_examples_full)
  * [ovmf](#recipes-ovmf) &mdash; Recipe for building OVMF firmware and uploading them to CIPD.
  * [prebuilt_host_tool](#recipes-prebuilt_host_tool) &mdash; Recipe for building and publishing CIPD prebuilts.
  * [qemu](#recipes-qemu) &mdash; Recipe for building QEMU.
  * [qemu:examples/full](#recipes-qemu_examples_full)
  * [recipes](#recipes-recipes) &mdash; Recipe for testing Recipes.
  * [release/cherry-pick](#recipes-release_cherry-pick) &mdash; Recipe for cherry-picking changes into a release.
  * [release/snapshot](#recipes-release_snapshot) &mdash; Recipe for automatically creating jiri snapshots from manifest commit.
  * [rust_toolchain](#recipes-rust_toolchain) &mdash; Recipe for building Rust toolchain.
  * [sdk](#recipes-sdk) &mdash; Recipe for building Fuchsia SDKs.
  * [service_account:examples/full](#recipes-service_account_examples_full)
  * [swarming:examples/full](#recipes-swarming_examples_full)
  * [tar:examples/full](#recipes-tar_examples_full)
  * [third_party_rust_licenses](#recipes-third_party_rust_licenses) &mdash; Recipe for checking licenses in the repo hosting third-party Rust crates.
  * [tools](#recipes-tools) &mdash; Recipe for building and publishing tools.
  * [tricium/clang_tidy](#recipes-tricium_clang_tidy) &mdash; Recipe for running Tricium clang-format analyzer.
  * [tricium/format](#recipes-tricium_format) &mdash; Recipe for running Tricium clang-format analyzer.
  * [web_view](#recipes-web_view) &mdash; Recipe for building libwebkit.
  * [zbi:examples/full](#recipes-zbi_examples_full)
  * [zircon](#recipes-zircon) &mdash; Recipe for building Zircon.
## Recipe Modules

### *recipe_modules* / [authutil](/recipe_modules/authutil)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/authutil/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [service\_account](#recipe_modules-service_account), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [AuthutilApi](/recipe_modules/authutil/api.py#8)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

AuthutilApi allows generating OAuth2 tokens from locally stored secrets.

This is a thin wrapper over the authutil go executable, which itself calls
https://github.com/luci/luci-go/blob/master/client/authcli/authcli.go

&mdash; **def [ensure\_authutil](/recipe_modules/authutil/api.py#19)(self, version=None):**

&mdash; **def [get\_token](/recipe_modules/authutil/api.py#32)(self, account, scopes=None, lifetime_sec=None):**
### *recipe_modules* / [auto\_roller](/recipe_modules/auto_roller)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/auto_roller/__init__.py#1): [gerrit](#recipe_modules-gerrit), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/time][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/time], [recipe\_engine/url][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/url]

#### **class [AutoRollerApi](/recipe_modules/auto_roller/api.py#24)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

API for writing auto-roller recipes.

&mdash; **def [attempt\_roll](/recipe_modules/auto_roller/api.py#222)(self, gerrit_project, repo_dir, commit_message, commit_untracked=False, dry_run=False):**

Attempts to submit local edits via the CQ.

It additionally has two modes of operation, dry-run mode and production mode.
The precise steps it performs are as follows:

 * Create a patch in Gerrit and grab Change ID
 * Create a patch locally with Change ID
 * Push local patch to Gerrit
 * Production mode:
   * Set labels Code-Review+2 and Commit-Queue+2 on Gerrit patch
   * Wait for CQ to finish tryjobs and either merge the change or
     remove the label Commit-Queue+2 (failed tryjobs)
   * Abandon the change if the tryjobs failed
 * Dry-run Mode:
   * Set label Commit-Queue+1 on Gerrit patch
   * Wait for CQ to finish tryjobs and remove label Commit-Queue+1
   * Abandon the change to clean up

It assumes that repo_dir contains unstaged changes to only tracked files.

Args:
  gerrit_project (str): The name of the project to roll to in Gerrit, which
    is local to current Gerrit host as defined by api.gerrit.host(). For
    example, "garnet" would be a valid gerrit_project for
    fuchsia-review.googlesource.com.
  repo_dir (Path): The path to the directory containing a local copy of the
    git repo with changes that will be rolled.
  commit_message (str): The commit message for the roll. Note that this method will
    automatically append a Gerrit Change ID to the change. Also, it may be a
    multiline string (embedded newlines are allowed).
  commit_untracked (bool): Whether to commit untracked files as well.
  dry_run (bool): Whether to execute this method in dry_run mode.

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [poll\_interval\_secs](/recipe_modules/auto_roller/api.py#38)(self):**

Returns how many seconds roll() will wait in between each poll.

Defined by the input property with the same name.

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [poll\_timeout\_secs](/recipe_modules/auto_roller/api.py#46)(self):**

Returns how many seconds roll() will poll for.

Defined by the input property with the same name.
### *recipe_modules* / [bazel](/recipe_modules/bazel)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/bazel/__init__.py#5): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [BazelApi](/recipe_modules/bazel/api.py#8)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

Provides steps to run bazel.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_bazel](/recipe_modules/bazel/api.py#16)(self, version='latest'):**

Ensures that bazel is installed, returning its path.

Additional calls with the same version are no-ops.
Additional calls with a different version are errors.

Args:
  version: The CIPD version to install.
Returns:
  The Path to the bazel binary.
Raises:
  AssertionError: if this method has already been called with a different
      version.
### *recipe_modules* / [catapult](/recipe_modules/catapult)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/catapult/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [CatapultApi](/recipe_modules/catapult/api.py#8)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

CatapultApi provides support for the Catapult infra tool.

&mdash; **def [\_\_call\_\_](/recipe_modules/catapult/api.py#15)(self, \*args, \*\*kwargs):**

Return a catapult command step.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_catapult](/recipe_modules/catapult/api.py#26)(self, version=None):**

&mdash; **def [upload](/recipe_modules/catapult/api.py#38)(self, input_file, url, timeout=None, \*\*kwargs):**

Uploads performance JSON data to a dashboard.

Args:
  input_file (Path): Full path to the input file to upload.
  url (string): The url to upload data to.
  timeout (string): Optional request timeout duration string. e.g. 12s or
    1m.
  kwargs: Keyword argments passed to the returned step.

Returns:
  A step to execute the upload subcommand.
### *recipe_modules* / [cipd](/recipe_modules/cipd)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/cipd/__init__.py#1): [service\_account](#recipe_modules-service_account), [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [CIPDApi](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#148)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

CIPDApi provides basic support for CIPD.

This assumes that `cipd` (or `cipd.exe` or `cipd.bat` on windows) has been
installed somewhere in $PATH.

&mdash; **def [build](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#237)(self, input_dir, output_package, package_name, install_mode=None):**

Builds, but does not upload, a cipd package from a directory.

Args:
  input_dir (Path) - the directory to build the package from.
  output_package (Path) - the file to write the package to.
  package_name (str) - the name of the cipd package as it would appear when
    uploaded to the cipd package server.
  install_mode (None|'copy'|'symlink') - the mechanism that the cipd client
    should use when installing this package. If None, defaults to the
    platform default ('copy' on windows, 'symlink' on everything else).

&mdash; **def [build\_from\_pkg](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#225)(self, pkg_def, output_package):**

Builds a package based on a PackageDefinition object.

Args:
  pkg_def (PackageDefinition) - The description of the package we want to
    create.
  output_package (Path) - the file to write the package to.

&mdash; **def [build\_from\_yaml](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#214)(self, pkg_def, output_package):**

Builds a package based on on-disk YAML package definition file.

Args:
  pkg_def (Path) - The path to the yaml file.
  output_package (Path) - the file to write the package to.

&mdash; **def [create\_from\_pkg](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#331)(self, pkg_def, refs=None, tags=None):**

Builds and uploads a package based on a PackageDefinition object.

This builds and uploads the package in one step.

Args:
  pkg_def (PackageDefinition) - The description of the package we want to
    create.
  refs (list(str)) - A list of ref names to set for the package instance.
  tags (dict(str, str)) - A map of tag name -> value to set for the package
                          instance.

Returns the JSON 'result' section, e.g.: {
  "package": "infra/tools/cipd/android-amd64",
  "instance_id": "433bfdf86c0bb82d1eee2d1a0473d3709c25d2c4"
}

&mdash; **def [create\_from\_yaml](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#311)(self, pkg_def, refs=None, tags=None):**

Builds and uploads a package based on on-disk YAML package definition
file.

This builds and uploads the package in one step.

Args:
  pkg_def (Path) - The path to the yaml file.
  refs (list(str)) - A list of ref names to set for the package instance.
  tags (dict(str, str)) - A map of tag name -> value to set for the package
                          instance.

Returns the JSON 'result' section, e.g.: {
  "package": "infra/tools/cipd/android-amd64",
  "instance_id": "433bfdf86c0bb82d1eee2d1a0473d3709c25d2c4"
}

&mdash; **def [describe](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#426)(self, package_name, version, test_data_refs=None, test_data_tags=None):**

&mdash; **def [ensure](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#352)(self, root, packages):**

Ensures that packages are installed in a given root dir.

packages must be a mapping from package name to its version, where
  * name must be for right platform (see also ``platform_suffix``),
  * version could be either instance_id, or ref, or unique tag.

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [executable](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#172)(self):**

&mdash; **def [platform\_suffix](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#176)(self, name=None, arch=None, bits=None):**

Use to get full package name that is platform indepdent.

Example:
  >>> 'my/package/%s' % api.cipd.platform_suffix()
  'my/package/linux-amd64'

Optional platform bits and architecture may be supplied to generate CIPD
suffixes for other platforms. If any are omitted, the current platform
parameters will be used.

&mdash; **def [register](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#266)(self, package_name, package_path, refs=None, tags=None):**

&mdash; **def [search](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#410)(self, package_name, tag):**

&mdash; **def [set\_ref](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#392)(self, package_name, version, refs):**

&mdash; **def [set\_tag](/recipe_modules/cipd/api.py#374)(self, package_name, version, tags):**
### *recipe_modules* / [clang\_tidy](/recipe_modules/clang_tidy)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/clang_tidy/__init__.py#1): [recipe\_engine/cipd][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/cipd], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [ClangTidyApi](/recipe_modules/clang_tidy/api.py#9)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

ClangTidyApi provides support for ClangTidy.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_clang](/recipe_modules/clang_tidy/api.py#15)(self):**

&mdash; **def [gen\_compile\_commands](/recipe_modules/clang_tidy/api.py#24)(self, checkout_dir):**

&mdash; **def [get\_line\_from\_offset](/recipe_modules/clang_tidy/api.py#38)(self, f, offset):**

Get the file line and char number from a file offset.

Clang-Tidy emits warnings that mark the location of the error by the char
offset from the beginning of the file. This converts that number into a line
and char position.

Args:
  filename (str): Path to file.
  offset (int): Offset to convert.

&mdash; **def [run](/recipe_modules/clang_tidy/api.py#64)(self, step_name, filename, compile_commands, checks=['\*']):**

Runs clang-tidy on the specified file and returns parsed json output.

TODO(juliehockett): Consider packaging and using the run_clang_tidy script.

Args:
  filename (str): Path to file on which clang-tidy should be run.
  compile_commands (str): Path to dir containing compile_commands.json.
  checks (List): List of checks to run for clang-tidy (default is whatever
    is specified in the .clang-tidy file).
### *recipe_modules* / [cloudkms](/recipe_modules/cloudkms)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/cloudkms/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [CloudKmsApi](/recipe_modules/cloudkms/api.py#8)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

Module for interacting with CloudKMS.

This is a thin wrapper of the CloudKMS Go client at
https://github.com/luci/luci-go/client/cmd/cloudkms

&mdash; **def [decrypt](/recipe_modules/cloudkms/api.py#32)(self, step_name, crypto_key_path, ciphertext_file, plaintext_file):**

Decrypts a ciphertext encrypted with a CloudKMS crypto key.

Args:
  step_name (str): name of the step.
  crypto_key_path (str): path in CloudKMS to the crypto key, generically
    of the form `<project>/<location>/<key ring>/<crypto key name>`, where
    the infixes are CloudKMS concepts detailed at
    https://cloud.google.com/kms/docs/object-hierarchy.
  ciphertext_file (Path): path to a file containing the ciphertext.
  plaintext_file (Path): path to a file to which the plaintext will be
    written.

Returns:
  A step to perform the decryption.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_cloudkms](/recipe_modules/cloudkms/api.py#19)(self, version=None):**
### *recipe_modules* / [fuchsia](/recipe_modules/fuchsia)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/__init__.py#1): [cloudkms](#recipe_modules-cloudkms), [gerrit](#recipe_modules-gerrit), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [hash](#recipe_modules-hash), [isolated](#recipe_modules-isolated), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [minfs](#recipe_modules-minfs), [qemu](#recipe_modules-qemu), [swarming](#recipe_modules-swarming), [tar](#recipe_modules-tar), [zbi](#recipe_modules-zbi), [recipe\_engine/buildbucket][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket], [recipe\_engine/cipd][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/cipd], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/source\_manifest][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/source_manifest], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [FuchsiaApi](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#119)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

APIs for checking out, building, and testing Fuchsia.

&mdash; **def [analyze\_collect\_result](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#1162)(self, step_name, result, build_dir):**

Analyzes a swarming.CollectResult and reports results as a step.

Args:
  step_name (str): The display name of the step for this analysis.
  result (swarming.CollectResult): The swarming collection result to analyze.
  build_dir (Path): A path to the build directory for symbolization artifacts.

Raises:
  A StepFailure if a kernel panic is detected, or if the tests timed out.
  An InfraFailure if the swarming task failed for a different reason.

&mdash; **def [analyze\_test\_results](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#1210)(self, step_name, test_results):**

Analyzes test results represented by a FuchsiaTestResults.

Args:
  step_name (str): The name of the step under which to test the analysis steps.
  test_results (FuchsiaTestResults): The test results.

Raises:
  A StepFailure if any of the discovered tests failed.

&mdash; **def [build](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#525)(self, target, build_type, packages, variants=(), gn_args=[], ninja_targets=()):**

Builds Fuchsia from a Jiri checkout.

Expects a Fuchsia Jiri checkout at api.path['start_dir'].

Args:
  target (str): The build target, see TARGETS for allowed targets
  build_type (str): One of the build types in BUILD_TYPES
  packages (sequence[str]): A sequence of packages to pass to GN to build
  variants (sequence[str]): A sequence of build variant selectors to pass
    to GN in `select_variant`
  gn_args (sequence[str]): Additional arguments to pass to GN
  ninja_targets (sequence[str]): Additional target args to pass to ninja

Returns:
  A FuchsiaBuildResults, representing the recently completed build.

&mdash; **def [checkout](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#219)(self, manifest, remote, project=None, build_input=None, revision=None, patch_ref=None, patch_gerrit_url=None, patch_project=None, snapshot_gcs_bucket=None, timeout_secs=(20 \* 60)):**

Uses Jiri to check out a Fuchsia project.

The patch_* arguments must all be set, or none at all.
The root of the checkout is returned via FuchsiaCheckoutResults.root_dir.

Args:
  manifest (str): A path to the manifest in the remote (e.g. manifest/minimal)
  remote (str): A URL to the remote repository which Jiri will be pointed at
  project (str): The name of the project
  build_input (buildbucket.build_pb2.Build.Input): The input to a buildbucket
    build.
  revision (str): The revision of the remote repository to import
  patch_ref (str): A reference ID to the patch in Gerrit to apply
  patch_gerrit_url (str): A URL of the patch in Gerrit to apply
  patch_project (str): The name of Gerrit project
  snapshot_gcs_bucket (str): The GCS bucket to upload a Jiri snapshot to
  timeout_secs (int): How long to wait for the checkout to complete
      before failing

Returns:
  A FuchsiaCheckoutResults containing details of the checkout.

&mdash; **def [checkout\_patched\_snapshot](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#311)(self, gerrit_change=None, patch_gerrit_url=None, patch_issue=None, patch_project=None, patch_ref=None, patch_repository_url=None, timeout_secs=(20 \* 60)):**

Uses Jiri to check out Fuchsia from a Jiri snapshot from a Gerrit patch.
The root of the checkout is returned via FuchsiaCheckoutResults.root_dir.

Args:
  gerrit_change (buildbucket.common_pb2.GerritChange): A Gerrit change.
  patch_gerrit_url (str): A URL of the patch in Gerrit to apply.
  patch_issue (str): The issue number for Gerrit CL.
  patch_project (str): The name of Gerrit project.
  patch_ref (str): A reference ID to the patch in Gerrit to apply.
  patch_repository_url (str): The repository the change is for.
  timeout_secs (int): How long to wait for the checkout to complete
      before failing

Returns:
  A FuchsiaCheckoutResults containing details of the checkout.

&mdash; **def [checkout\_snapshot](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#270)(self, repository=None, revision=None, gitiles_commit=None, timeout_secs=(20 \* 60)):**

Uses Jiri to check out Fuchsia from a Jiri snapshot.

The root of the checkout is returned via FuchsiaCheckoutResults.root_dir.

Args:
  repository (str): A URL to the remote repository containing the snapshot.
    The snapshot should be available at the top-level in a file called
    'snapshot'.
  revision (str): The git revision to check out from the repository.
  gitiles_commit (buildbucket.common_pb2.GitilesCommit): A Gitiles commit.
  timeout_secs (int): How long to wait for the checkout to complete
      before failing.

Returns:
  A FuchsiaCheckoutResults containing details of the checkout.

&mdash; **def [report\_test\_results](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#1233)(self, test_results):**

Logs individual test results in separate steps.

Args:
  test_results (FuchsiaTestResults): The test results.

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [results\_dir\_on\_host](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#660)(self):**

The directory on host to which host and target test results will be written.

Target test results will be copied over to this location and host test
results will be written here. Host and target tests on should write to
separate subdirectories so as not to collide.

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [results\_dir\_on\_target](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#655)(self):**

The directory on target to which target test results will be written.

&mdash; **def [run\_bloaty](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#1658)(self, build_results):**

Runs bloaty on the specified build results.

The data is generated by running Bloaty McBloatface on the binaries in the
build results. If this is called more than once, it will only run once.
  A Path to the file containing the resulting bloaty data.

&mdash; **def [test](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#1046)(self, build, test_pool, test_cmds, device_type, timeout_secs=(40 \* 60), pave=True, external_network=False, requires_secrets=False):**

Tests a Fuchsia build on the specified device.

Expects the build and artifacts to be at the same place they were at
the end of the build.

Args:
  build (FuchsiaBuildResults): The Fuchsia build to test.
  test_pool (str): Swarming pool from which the test task will be drawn.
  timeout_secs (int): The amount of seconds to wait for the tests to
    execute before giving up.
  external_network (bool): Whether to enable access to the external
    network when executing tests. Ignored if device_type != 'QEMU'.
  requires_secrets (bool): Whether tests require plaintext secrets;
    ignored if device_type == 'QEMU'.
  pave (bool): Whether to pave the image to disk. Ignored if
    device_type == 'QEMU'.

Returns:
  A FuchsiaTestResults representing the completed test.

&mdash; **def [test\_on\_host](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#670)(self, build):**

Tests a Fuchsia build from the host machine.

Args:
  build (FuchsiaBuildResults): The Fuchsia build to test.

Returns:
  A FuchsiaTestResults representing the completed test.

&mdash; **def [upload\_build\_artifacts](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/api.py#1471)(self, build_results, bucket, upload_breakpad_symbols=False):**

Uploads artifacts from the build to Google Cloud Storage.

More specifically, this uploads multiple sets of artifacts:
* Images and tools necessary to boot Fuchsia.
* Packages which may be sent to Fuchsia's package manager.
* Optionally, symbols for the Fuchsia binaries.

Args:
  build_results (FuchsiaBuildResults): The Fuchsia build results to get
    artifacts from.
  bucket (str): The Google Cloud Storage bucket to upload to.
  upload_breakpad_symbols (bool): If true, uploads breakpad symbols to
    the bucket as well.
### *recipe_modules* / [gerrit](/recipe_modules/gerrit)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/gerrit/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [GerritApi](/recipe_modules/gerrit/api.py#8)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

Module for querying a Gerrit host through the Gerrit API.

&mdash; **def [abandon](/recipe_modules/gerrit/api.py#63)(self, name, change_id, message=None, test_data=None):**

Abandons a change.

Returns the details of the change, after attempting to abandon.

Args:
  name (str): The name of the step.
  change_id (str): A change ID that uniquely defines a change on the host.
  message (str): A message explaining the reason for abandoning the change.
  test_data (recipe_test_api.StepTestData): Test JSON output data for this step.

&mdash; **def [change\_details](/recipe_modules/gerrit/api.py#152)(self, name, change_id, gerrit_host=None, test_data=None):**

Returns a JSON dict of details regarding a specific change.

Args:
  name (str): The name of the step.
  change_id (str): A change ID that uniquely defines a change on the host.
  gerrit_host (str): The Gerrit host to make the query against. Overrides
    the recipe module's global host property.
  test_data (recipe_test_api.StepTestData): Test JSON output data for this
    step.

&mdash; **def [create\_change](/recipe_modules/gerrit/api.py#84)(self, name, project, subject, branch, topic=None, test_data=None):**

Creates a new change for a given project on the gerrit host.

Returns the details of the newly-created change.

Args:
  name (str): The name of the step.
  project (str): The name of the project on the host to create a change for.
  subject (str): The subject of the new change.
  branch (str): The branch onto which the change will be made.
  topic (str): A gerrit topic that can be used to atomically land the change with
    other changes in the same topic.
  test_data (recipe_test_api.StepTestData): Test JSON output data for this step.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_gerrit](/recipe_modules/gerrit/api.py#42)(self, version=None):**

&mdash; **def [get\_change\_ref](/recipe_modules/gerrit/api.py#172)(self, change, patchset):**

Returns the reference ID to a given Gerrit change.

Args:
  change (int): Change number.
  patchset (int): Patch set number.

&emsp; **@host.setter**<br>&mdash; **def [host](/recipe_modules/gerrit/api.py#59)(self, host):**

&mdash; **def [set\_review](/recipe_modules/gerrit/api.py#113)(self, name, change_id, labels=None, reviewers=None, ccs=None, revision='current', test_data=None):**

Sets a change at a revision for review. Can optionally set labels,
reviewers, and CCs.

Returns updated labels, reviewers, and whether the change is ready for
review as a JSON dict.

Args:
  name (str): The name of the step.
  change_id (str): A change ID that uniquely defines a change on the host.
  labels (dict): A map of labels (with names as strings, e.g. 'Code-Review') to the
    integral values you wish to set them to.
  reviewers (list): A list of strings containing reviewer IDs (e.g. email addresses).
  ccs (list): A list of strings containing reviewer IDs (e.g. email addresses).
  revision (str): A revision ID that identifies a revision for the change
    (default is 'current').
  test_data (recipe_test_api.StepTestData): Test JSON output data for this step.
### *recipe_modules* / [git](/recipe_modules/git)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/git/__init__.py#1): [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [GitApi](/recipe_modules/git/api.py#10)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

GitApi provides support for Git.

&mdash; **def [\_\_call\_\_](/recipe_modules/git/api.py#18)(self, \*args, \*\*kwargs):**

Return a git command step.

&mdash; **def [checkout](/recipe_modules/git/api.py#26)(self, url, path=None, ref=None, recursive=False, submodules=True, submodule_force=False, remote='origin', file=None, \*\*kwargs):**

Checkout a given ref and return the checked out revision.

Args:
  url (str): url of remote repo to use as upstream
  path (Path): directory to clone into
  ref (str): ref to fetch and check out
  recursive (bool): whether to recursively fetch submodules or not
  submodules (bool): whether to sync and update submodules or not
  submodule_force (bool): whether to update submodules with --force
  remote (str): name of the remote to use
  file (str): optional path to a single file to checkout

&mdash; **def [commit](/recipe_modules/git/api.py#94)(self, message, files=(), all_tracked=False, all_files=False, \*\*kwargs):**

Runs git commit in the current working directory.
Args:
  message (str): The message to attach to the commit.
  files (seq[Path]): The set of files containing changes to commit.
  all_tracked (bool): Stage all tracked files before committing. If True,
    files must be empty and all_files must be False.
  all_files (bool): Stage all files (even untracked) before committing. If
    True, files must be empty and all_tracked must be False.

&mdash; **def [get\_hash](/recipe_modules/git/api.py#126)(self, commit='HEAD', \*\*kwargs):**

Find and return the hash of the given commit.

&mdash; **def [get\_timestamp](/recipe_modules/git/api.py#133)(self, commit='HEAD', test_data=None, \*\*kwargs):**

Find and return the timestamp of the given commit.

&mdash; **def [push](/recipe_modules/git/api.py#115)(self, ref, remote='origin', \*\*kwargs):**

&mdash; **def [rebase](/recipe_modules/git/api.py#118)(self, branch='master', remote='origin', \*\*kwargs):**

Run rebase HEAD onto branch
### *recipe_modules* / [gitiles](/recipe_modules/gitiles)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/gitiles/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/url][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/url]

#### **class [GitilesApi](/recipe_modules/gitiles/api.py#10)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

Module for polling a Git repository using the Gitiles web interface.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_gitiles](/recipe_modules/gitiles/api.py#17)(self, version=None):**

&mdash; **def [fetch](/recipe_modules/gitiles/api.py#75)(self, url, file_path, branch='master', step_name=None, timeout=None, test_data=None):**

Downloads raw file content from a Gitiles repository.

Args:
  url (str): base URL to the repository.
  file_path (str): relative path to the file from the repository root.
  branch (str): branch of the repository.
  step_name (str): custom name for this step (optional).
  timeout (int): number of seconds to wait before failing.

Returns:
  Raw file content.

&mdash; **def [log](/recipe_modules/gitiles/api.py#51)(self, url, treeish, limit=0, step_name=None, test_data={}):**

Returns the most recent commits for treeish object.

Args:
  url (str): base URL of the remote repository.
  treeish (str): tree object identifier.
  limit (int): number of commits to limit the fetching to.
  step_name (str): custom name for this step (optional).

&mdash; **def [refs](/recipe_modules/gitiles/api.py#30)(self, url, refspath='refs', step_name='refs', test_data=[]):**

Resolves each ref in a repository to git revision

Args:
  url (str): URL of the remote repository.
  refspath (str): limits which refs to resolve.
### *recipe_modules* / [go](/recipe_modules/go)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/go/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [GoApi](/recipe_modules/go/api.py#10)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

GoApi provides support for Go.

&mdash; **def [\_\_call\_\_](/recipe_modules/go/api.py#17)(self, \*args, \*\*kwargs):**

Return a Go command step.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_go](/recipe_modules/go/api.py#29)(self, version=None):**

Ensures that go distribution is installed.

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [go\_executable](/recipe_modules/go/api.py#43)(self):**

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [go\_root](/recipe_modules/go/api.py#39)(self):**

&mdash; **def [inline](/recipe_modules/go/api.py#47)(self, program, add_go_log=True, \*\*kwargs):**

Run an inline Go program as a step.
Program is output to a temp file and run when this step executes.
### *recipe_modules* / [goma](/recipe_modules/goma)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/goma/__init__.py#1): [recipe\_engine/cipd][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/cipd], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [GomaApi](/recipe_modules/goma/api.py#10)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

GomaApi contains helper functions for using goma.

&emsp; **@contextmanager**<br>&mdash; **def [build\_with\_goma](/recipe_modules/goma/api.py#212)(self, env={}):**

Make context wrapping goma start/stop.

Raises:
    StepFailure or InfraFailure if it fails to build.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_goma](/recipe_modules/goma/api.py#78)(self, canary=False):**

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [goma\_ctl](/recipe_modules/goma/api.py#69)(self):**

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [goma\_dir](/recipe_modules/goma/api.py#73)(self):**

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [jobs](/recipe_modules/goma/api.py#40)(self):**

Returns number of jobs for parallel build using Goma.

Uses value from property "$infra/goma:{"jobs": JOBS}" if configured
(typically in cr-buildbucket.cfg), else defaults to `recommended_goma_jobs`.

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [json\_path](/recipe_modules/goma/api.py#31)(self):**

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [jsonstatus](/recipe_modules/goma/api.py#36)(self):**

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [recommended\_goma\_jobs](/recipe_modules/goma/api.py#49)(self):**

Return the recommended number of jobs for parallel build using Goma.

Prefer to use just `goma.jobs` and configure it through default builder
properties in cr-buildbucket.cfg.

This function caches the _recommended_jobs.

&mdash; **def [start](/recipe_modules/goma/api.py#116)(self, env={}, \*\*kwargs):**

Start goma compiler_proxy.

A user MUST execute ensure_goma beforehand.
It is user's responsibility to handle failure of starting compiler_proxy.

&mdash; **def [stop](/recipe_modules/goma/api.py#184)(self, \*\*kwargs):**

Stop goma compiler_proxy.

A user MUST execute start beforehand.
It is user's responsibility to handle failure of stopping compiler_proxy.

Raises:
    StepFailure if it fails to stop goma.
### *recipe_modules* / [gsutil](/recipe_modules/gsutil)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/gsutil/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [GSUtilApi](/recipe_modules/gsutil/api.py#10)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

GSUtilApi provides support for GSUtil.

&mdash; **def [\_\_call\_\_](/recipe_modules/gsutil/api.py#17)(self, \*args, \*\*kwargs):**

Return a step to run arbitrary gsutil command.

&mdash; **def [copy](/recipe_modules/gsutil/api.py#118)(self, src_bucket, src, dst_bucket, dst, link_name='gsutil.copy', unauthenticated_url=False, \*\*kwargs):**

&mdash; **def [ensure\_gsutil](/recipe_modules/gsutil/api.py#99)(self, version=None):**

&emsp; **@[non\_step][recipe_engine/wkt/non_step]**<br>&mdash; **def [join](/recipe_modules/gsutil/api.py#59)(self, \*parts):**

Constructs a GS path from composite parts.

&emsp; **@[non\_step][recipe_engine/wkt/non_step]**<br>&mdash; **def [normalize](/recipe_modules/gsutil/api.py#45)(self, url):**

Normalize a GS URL using the gs:// URL prefix.

&mdash; **def [upload](/recipe_modules/gsutil/api.py#110)(self, bucket, src, dst, link_name='gsutil.upload', unauthenticated_url=False, \*\*kwargs):**
### *recipe_modules* / [hash](/recipe_modules/hash)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/hash/__init__.py#1): [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io]

#### **class [HashApi](/recipe_modules/hash/api.py#8)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

HashApi provides file hashing functionality.

&mdash; **def [md5](/recipe_modules/hash/api.py#24)(self, name, source, test_data=''):**

&mdash; **def [sha1](/recipe_modules/hash/api.py#27)(self, name, source, test_data=''):**

&mdash; **def [sha224](/recipe_modules/hash/api.py#30)(self, name, source, test_data=''):**

&mdash; **def [sha256](/recipe_modules/hash/api.py#33)(self, name, source, test_data=''):**

&mdash; **def [sha384](/recipe_modules/hash/api.py#36)(self, name, source, test_data=''):**

&mdash; **def [sha512](/recipe_modules/hash/api.py#39)(self, name, source, test_data=''):**
### *recipe_modules* / [isolated](/recipe_modules/isolated)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/isolated/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [IsolatedApi](/recipe_modules/isolated/api.py#10)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

APIs for interacting with isolates.

&mdash; **def [\_\_call\_\_](/recipe_modules/isolated/api.py#18)(self, \*args, \*\*kwargs):**

Return an isolate command step.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_isolated](/recipe_modules/isolated/api.py#24)(self, version=None):**

Ensures that isolate client is installed.

&emsp; **@isolate_server.setter**<br>&mdash; **def [isolate\_server](/recipe_modules/isolated/api.py#46)(self, value):**

Changes URL of Isolate server to use.

&mdash; **def [isolated](/recipe_modules/isolated/api.py#51)(self):**

Returns an Isolated object that can be used to archive a set of files
and directories.

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [isolated\_client](/recipe_modules/isolated/api.py#37)(self):**
### *recipe_modules* / [jiri](/recipe_modules/jiri)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/jiri/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [gerrit](#recipe_modules-gerrit), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/source\_manifest][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/source_manifest], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [JiriApi](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#14)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

JiriApi provides support for Jiri managed checkouts.

&mdash; **def [\_\_call\_\_](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#21)(self, \*args, \*\*kwargs):**

Return a jiri command step.

&mdash; **def [checkout](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#313)(self, manifest, remote, project=None, build_input=None, revision=None, patch_ref=None, patch_gerrit_url=None, patch_project=None, timeout_secs=None):**

Initializes and populates a jiri checkout from a remote manifest.

Emits a source manifest for the build.

Args:
  manifest (str): Relative path to the manifest in the remote repository.
  remote (str): URL to the remote repository.
  project (str): The name that jiri should assign to the project.
  build_input (buildbucket.build_pb2.Build.Input): The input to a buildbucket
    build.
  revision (str): A revision to checkout for the remote.
  patch_ref (str): The ref at which a patch lives.
  patch_gerrit_url (str): The Gerrit URL for the patch to apply.
  patch_project (str): The Gerrit project where the patch lives.
  timeout_secs (int): A timeout for jiri update in seconds.

&mdash; **def [checkout\_snapshot](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#371)(self, snapshot, timeout_secs=None):**

Initializes and populates a jiri checkout from a snapshot.

Emits a source manifest for the build.

Args:
  snapshot (Path): Path to the jiri snapshot.
  timeout_secs (int): A timeout for jiri update in seconds.

&mdash; **def [clean](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#143)(self, all=False, \*\*kwargs):**

&mdash; **def [edit\_manifest](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#181)(self, manifest, projects=None, imports=None, test_data=None, \*\*kwargs):**

Creates a step to edit a Jiri manifest.

Args:
  manifest (str): Path to the manifest to edit relative to the project root.
    e.g. "manifest/zircon"
  projects (List): A heterogeneous list whose entries are either:
    * A string representing the name of a project to edit.
    * A (name, revision) tuple representing a project to edit.
  imports (List): The same as projects, except each list entry represents an
    import to edit.

Returns:
  A step to edit the manifest.

&mdash; **def [emit\_source\_manifest](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#306)(self):**

Emits a source manifest for this build for the current jiri checkout.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_jiri](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#32)(self, version=None):**

&mdash; **def [import\_manifest](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#152)(self, manifest, remote, name=None, revision=None, overwrite=False, \*\*kwargs):**

Imports manifest into Jiri project.

Args:
  manifest (str): A file within the repository to use.
  remote (str): A remote manifest repository address.
  name (str): The name of the remote manifest project.
  revision (str): A revision to checkout for the remote.

Returns:
  A step result.

&mdash; **def [init](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#47)(self, dir=None, \*\*kwargs):**

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [jiri](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#43)(self):**

&mdash; **def [patch](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#247)(self, ref, host=None, project=None, delete=False, force=False, rebase=False, cherrypick=False):**

&mdash; **def [project](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#61)(self, projects=[], out=None, test_data=None):**

Args:
  projects (List): A heterogeneous list of strings representing the name of
    projects to list info about (defaults to all).
  out (str): Path to write json results to, with the following schema:
    [
      {
        "name": "zircon",
        "path": "local/path/to/zircon",
        "relativePath": "zircon",
        "remote": "https://fuchsia.googlesource.com/zircon",
        "revision": "af8fd6138748bc11d31a5bde3303cdc19c7e04e9",
        "current_branch": "master",
        "branches": [
          "master"
        ]
      }
      ...
    ]


Returns:
  A step to provide structured info on existing projects and branches.

&mdash; **def [read\_manifest\_element](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#388)(self, manifest, element_type, element_name):**

Reads information about a <project> or <import> from a manifest file.

Args:
  manifest (str|Path): Path to the manifest file.
  element_type (str): One of 'import' or 'project'.
  element_name (str): The name of the element.

Returns:
  A dict containing the project fields.  Any fields that are missing or have
  empty values are omitted from the dict.  Examples:

      # Read remote attribute of the returned project
      print(project['remote']) # https://fuchsia.googlesource.com/my_project

      # Check whether remote attribute was present and non-empty.
      if 'remote' in project:
          ...

&mdash; **def [run\_hooks](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#134)(self, local_manifest=False, attempts=3):**

&mdash; **def [snapshot](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#272)(self, file=None, test_data=None, \*\*kwargs):**

&mdash; **def [source\_manifest](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#285)(self, file=None, test_data=None, \*\*kwargs):**

Generates a source manifest JSON file.

Args:
  file (Path): Optional output path for the source manifest.

Returns:
  The contents of the source manifest as a Python dictionary.

&mdash; **def [update](/recipe_modules/jiri/api.py#108)(self, gc=False, rebase_tracked=False, local_manifest=False, run_hooks=True, snapshot=None, attempts=3, \*\*kwargs):**
### *recipe_modules* / [lkgs](/recipe_modules/lkgs)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/lkgs/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [LkgsApi](/recipe_modules/lkgs/api.py#8)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

APIs for deriving the last-known-good-snapshot for a builder.

&mdash; **def [\_\_call\_\_](/recipe_modules/lkgs/api.py#15)(self, step_name, builder, output_file):**

Retrieves the last-known-"good"-(jiri-)snapshot given a builder.

Args:
  step_name (str): The name of the step produced.
  builder (seq[str]): A list of fully-qualified buildbucket v2 builder ID,
    consisting of <project>/<project-namespaced bucket>/<builder name>. For example:
    ['fuchsia/ci/garnet-x64-release-qemu_kvm'].
  output_file (Path|Placeholder): The location to dump the retrieved
    snapshot.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_lkgs](/recipe_modules/lkgs/api.py#42)(self, version=None):**

Ensures that the lkgs tool is installed.

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [lkgs\_tool](/recipe_modules/lkgs/api.py#54)(self):**
### *recipe_modules* / [minfs](/recipe_modules/minfs)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/minfs/__init__.py#1): [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [MinfsApi](/recipe_modules/minfs/api.py#8)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

MinfsApi provides support for Fuchia's MinFS tool.

Currently this module can only be used with a Zircon build, which produces
the local minfs binary.

&mdash; **def [copy\_image](/recipe_modules/minfs/api.py#73)(self, step_name, image_path, out_dir):**

Copies everything from a minfs image into a local directory.

Args:
  step_name (str): The name of the step under which to copy the minfs files.
  image_path (Path): Full path to the minfs image.
  out_dir (Path): Full path to the directory to copy files into.

Returns:
  A step to perform the copy.

&mdash; **def [cp](/recipe_modules/minfs/api.py#36)(self, from_path, to_path, image, \*\*kwargs):**

Copies a file or directory from an image.

Paths inside of the MinFS image are prefixed with '::', so '::'
refers to the root of the MinFS image.

Args:
  from_path (str|Path): The path to copy from.
  to_path (str|Path): The path to copy to.
  image (str|Path): The path to the MinFS image.

Returns:
  A step to perform the copy.

&mdash; **def [create](/recipe_modules/minfs/api.py#60)(self, path, size='100M', \*\*kwargs):**

Creates a MinFS image at the given path.

Args:
  path (str): The path at which to create the image.
  size (str): The size of the image, number followed by unit. Defaults to 100M.

Returns:
  A step to perform the creation.

&emsp; **@minfs_path.setter**<br>&mdash; **def [minfs\_path](/recipe_modules/minfs/api.py#31)(self, path):**

The path to the minfs command.
### *recipe_modules* / [qemu](/recipe_modules/qemu)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/qemu/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [QemuApi](/recipe_modules/qemu/api.py#10)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

QemuApi provides support for QEMU.

&mdash; **def [create\_image](/recipe_modules/qemu/api.py#31)(self, image, backing_file, fmt='qcow2'):**

Creates a QEMU image from a backing file.

Args:
  image (Path): Path to the image to be created.
  backing_file (Path): The backing file to use for the image.
  fmt (str): The format of the image.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_qemu](/recipe_modules/qemu/api.py#17)(self, version=None):**

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [qemu\_img](/recipe_modules/qemu/api.py#27)(self):**
### *recipe_modules* / [service\_account](/recipe_modules/service_account)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/service_account/__init__.py#1): [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path]

#### **class [ServiceAccountApi](/recipe_modules/service_account/api.py#8)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

ServiceAccountApi provides access to service account keys.

&mdash; **def [get\_json\_path](/recipe_modules/service_account/api.py#17)(self, account):**
### *recipe_modules* / [swarming](/recipe_modules/swarming)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/swarming/__init__.py#1): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [isolated](#recipe_modules-isolated), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [SwarmingApi](/recipe_modules/swarming/api.py#172)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

APIs for interacting with swarming.

&mdash; **def [\_\_call\_\_](/recipe_modules/swarming/api.py#180)(self, \*args, \*\*kwargs):**

Return a swarming command step.

&mdash; **def [collect](/recipe_modules/swarming/api.py#313)(self, timeout=None, requests_json=None, tasks=[]):**

Waits on a set of Swarming tasks.

Returns both the step result as well as a set of neatly parsed results.

Args:
  timeout: timeout to wait for result.
  requests_json: load details about the task(s) from the json file.
  tasks: list of task ids to wait on.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_swarming](/recipe_modules/swarming/api.py#186)(self, version=None):**

Ensures that swarming client is installed.

&mdash; **def [spawn\_tasks](/recipe_modules/swarming/api.py#286)(self, tasks=(), json_output=None):**

Spawns a set of Swarming tasks.

Args:
  tasks (seq[TaskRequest]): A sequence of task request objects representing
    the tasks we want to spawn.
  json_output (Path): Optional filepath to leak a JSON file containing
    the return value of this method.

Returns:
  A Python dict representing the tasks spawned as a JSON file that may be
  passed into collect().

&emsp; **@property**<br>&mdash; **def [swarming\_client](/recipe_modules/swarming/api.py#200)(self):**

&emsp; **@swarming_server.setter**<br>&mdash; **def [swarming\_server](/recipe_modules/swarming/api.py#209)(self, value):**

Changes URL of Swarming server to use.

&mdash; **def [task\_request](/recipe_modules/swarming/api.py#277)(self, \*args, \*\*kwargs):**

Creates a new TaskRequest object.

Passes down all arguments to the TaskRequest constructor with the exception
of isolate_server, which is provided by the isolated recipe module.

&mdash; **def [trigger](/recipe_modules/swarming/api.py#214)(self, name, raw_cmd, isolated=None, dump_json=None, dimensions=None, expiration=None, io_timeout=None, hard_timeout=None, idempotent=False, cipd_packages=None, outputs=None):**

Triggers a Swarming task.

Args:
  name: name of the task.
  raw_cmd: task command.
  isolated: hash of isolated test on isolate server.
  dump_json: dump details about the triggered task(s).
  dimensions: dimensions to filter slaves on.
  expiration: seconds before this task request expires.
  io_timeout: seconds to allow the task to be silent.
  hard_timeout: seconds before swarming should kill the task.
  idempotent: whether this task is considered idempotent.
  cipd_packages: list of 3-tuples corresponding to CIPD packages needed for
      the task: ('path', 'package_name', 'version'), defined as follows:
          path: Path relative to the Swarming root dir in which to install
              the package.
          package_name: Name of the package to install,
              eg. "infra/tools/authutil/${platform}"
          version: Version of the package, either a package instance ID,
              ref, or tag key/value pair.
  outputs: list of paths to files which can be downloaded via collect.
### *recipe_modules* / [tar](/recipe_modules/tar)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/tar/__init__.py#5): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [TarApi](/recipe_modules/tar/api.py#10)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

Provides steps to tar and untar files.

&mdash; **def [create](/recipe_modules/tar/api.py#33)(self, path, compression=None):**

Returns TarArchive object that can be used to compress a set of files.

Args:
  path: path of the archive file to be created.
  compression: str, one of COMPRESSION_OPTS or None to disable compression.

&mdash; **def [ensure\_tar](/recipe_modules/tar/api.py#19)(self, version=None):**

Ensures that bsdtar is installed.

&mdash; **def [extract](/recipe_modules/tar/api.py#44)(self, step_name, path, directory=None, strip_components=None):**

Uncompress |archive| file.

Args:
  step_name: name of the step.
  path: absolute path to archive file.
  directory: directory to extract the archive in.
  strip_components: strip number of leading components from file names.
### *recipe_modules* / [zbi](/recipe_modules/zbi)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/zbi/__init__.py#1): [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

#### **class [ZbiApi](/recipe_modules/zbi/api.py#8)([RecipeApi][recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]):**

ZbiApi provides support for Zircon's ZBI tool.

&mdash; **def [copy\_and\_extend](/recipe_modules/zbi/api.py#26)(self, step_name, input_image, output_image, manifest):**

Creates a copy of a ZBI and extends its bootFS manifest.

A copy of |input_image| is made at |output_image|, and the files
given in |manifest| are added to the latter's bootFS manifest.

Args:
  step_name (str): The name of the step.
  input_image (Path): The path to the input image.
  output_image (Path): The path to the output image.
  manifest (dict[str]Path): a dictionary of destination-to-source
    mappings, where destination/source are paths to files or
    directories on target/host, respectively. Note that sources cannot
    be placeholders.

Returns:
  A step to perform the operation.

&emsp; **@zbi_path.setter**<br>&mdash; **def [zbi\_path](/recipe_modules/zbi/api.py#21)(self, path):**

Sets the path to the zbi tool.
## Recipes

### *recipes* / [authutil:examples/full](/recipe_modules/authutil/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/authutil/examples/full.py#8): [authutil](#recipe_modules-authutil), [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/authutil/examples/full.py#30)(api, scopes, lifetime_sec):**
### *recipes* / [auto\_roller:examples/full](/recipe_modules/auto_roller/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/auto_roller/examples/full.py#10): [auto\_roller](#recipe_modules-auto_roller), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io]

Example recipe for auto-rolling.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/auto_roller/examples/full.py#31)(api, project, remote, commit_untracked_files, dry_run):**
### *recipes* / [bazel:examples/full](/recipe_modules/bazel/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/bazel/examples/full.py#7): [bazel](#recipe_modules-bazel), [tar](#recipe_modules-tar), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/bazel/examples/full.py#21)(api, bazel_version):**
### *recipes* / [bloaty](/recipes/bloaty.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/bloaty.py#9): [git](#recipe_modules-git), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [go](#recipe_modules-go), [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [recipe\_engine/cipd][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/cipd], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/time][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/time]

Recipe for building Bloaty.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/bloaty.py#125)(api, repository, branch, revision, platform):**

&mdash; **def [cmake](/recipes/bloaty.py#62)(api, cipd_dir, src_dir, platform, options=[], step_name='cmake'):**

&mdash; **def [platform\_sysroot](/recipes/bloaty.py#49)(api, cipd_dir, platform):**

&mdash; **def [upload\_package](/recipes/bloaty.py#90)(api, pkg_name, pkg_file, pkg_dir, repository, revision):**
### *recipes* / [breakpad\_tools](/recipes/breakpad_tools.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/breakpad_tools.py#9): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for building some Breakpad tools.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/breakpad_tools.py#43)(api, url, ref, revision, cipd_target):**
### *recipes* / [catapult:examples/full](/recipe_modules/catapult/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/catapult/examples/full.py#5): [catapult](#recipe_modules-catapult), [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/catapult/examples/full.py#13)(api):**
### *recipes* / [cipd:examples/full](/recipe_modules/cipd/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/cipd/examples/full.py#8): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/cipd/examples/full.py#28)(api, use_pkg, pkg_files, pkg_dirs, ver_files, install_mode):**
### *recipes* / [cipd:examples/platform\_suffix](/recipe_modules/cipd/examples/platform_suffix.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/cipd/examples/platform_suffix.py#9): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/cipd/examples/platform_suffix.py#24)(api, arch_override, bits_override, expect_error):**
### *recipes* / [clang\_tidy](/recipes/clang_tidy.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/clang_tidy.py#11): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [clang\_tidy](#recipe_modules-clang_tidy), [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [recipe\_engine/buildbucket][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/tricium][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/tricium]

Recipe for running CQ-blocking clang-tidy checks.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/clang_tidy.py#45)(api, project, manifest, remote, checks):**
### *recipes* / [clang\_tidy:examples/full](/recipe_modules/clang_tidy/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/clang_tidy/examples/full.py#5): [clang\_tidy](#recipe_modules-clang_tidy), [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [recipe\_engine/buildbucket][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/clang_tidy/examples/full.py#15)(api):**
### *recipes* / [clang\_toolchain](/recipes/clang_toolchain.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/clang_toolchain.py#13): [git](#recipe_modules-git), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [recipe\_engine/cipd][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/cipd], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/tempfile][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/tempfile]

Recipe for building Clang toolchain.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/clang_toolchain.py#62)(api, repository, branch, revision, platform):**
### *recipes* / [cloudkms:examples/full](/recipe_modules/cloudkms/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/cloudkms/examples/full.py#5): [cloudkms](#recipe_modules-cloudkms), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/cloudkms/examples/full.py#11)(api):**
### *recipes* / [cobalt](/recipes/cobalt.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/cobalt.py#10): [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/buildbucket][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for building and testing Cobalt.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/cobalt.py#27)(api, manifest, remote):**
### *recipes* / [cut\_release](/recipes/cut_release.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/cut_release.py#12): [git](#recipe_modules-git), [lkgs](#recipe_modules-lkgs), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/time][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/time]

Recipe for automatically cutting new release branches.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/cut_release.py#48)(api, release_repository, release_names, release_targets, reference_builders):**
### *recipes* / [dart\_flutter\_roller](/recipes/dart_flutter_roller.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/dart_flutter_roller.py#13): [auto\_roller](#recipe_modules-auto_roller), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/tempfile][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/tempfile]

Recipe for automatically updating Flutter, flutter/engine, and Dart.

&mdash; **def [ExtractDartVersionFromDEPS](/recipes/dart_flutter_roller.py#102)(api, deps_path):**

Extracts the dart_version from a flutter/engine's DEPS file.

Args:
  api (RecipeApi): Recipe API object.
  deps_path (Path): A path to the DEPS file for dart third party
    dependencies.
  manifest_path (Path): A path to the Jiri manifest to overwrite.

&mdash; **def [RollChanges](/recipes/dart_flutter_roller.py#138)(api, path, updated_deps):**

Rolls manifest changes in a git repository.

Args:
  path (Path): Path to the git repository containing the changes to roll.
  updated_deps (dict[str]str): A map of dependencies that were updated to
  a log string, summarizing the update.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/dart_flutter_roller.py#159)(api, revision):**

&mdash; **def [UpdateManifestProject](/recipes/dart_flutter_roller.py#54)(api, manifest, project_name, revision):**

Updates the revision for a project in a manifest.

Args:
  api (RecipeApi): Recipe API object.
  manifest (Path): Path to the Jiri manifest to update.
  project_name (str): Name of the project in the Jiri manifest to update.
  revision (str): SHA-1 hash representing the updated revision for
    project_name in the manifest.

Returns:
  A formatted log string summarizing the updates as well as the project's
  remote property.

&mdash; **def [UpdatePkgManifest](/recipes/dart_flutter_roller.py#122)(api, dart_path, manifest_path):**

Overwrites a dart third party package manifest.

Args:
  api (RecipeApi): Recipe API object.
  dart_path (Path): A path to the dart/sdk repository.
  manifest_path (Path): A path to the Jiri manifest to overwrite.
### *recipes* / [dart\_pkg\_roller](/recipes/dart_pkg_roller.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/dart_pkg_roller.py#12): [auto\_roller](#recipe_modules-auto_roller), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for automatically updating Dart 3p packages.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/dart_pkg_roller.py#40)(api):**
### *recipes* / [dart\_toolchain](/recipes/dart_toolchain.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/dart_toolchain.py#11): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for building Dart toolchain.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/dart_toolchain.py#55)(api, repository, branch, revision, host_cpu, host_os):**
### *recipes* / [docs\_roller](/recipes/docs_roller.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/docs_roller.py#19): [auto\_roller](#recipe_modules-auto_roller), [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/buildbucket][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for generating docs.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/docs_roller.py#98)(api, project, manifest, remote, packages, run_gndoc):**

&mdash; **def [gen\_gndoc](/recipes/docs_roller.py#47)(api, packages, project_dir):**
### *recipes* / [ffmpeg](/recipes/ffmpeg.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/ffmpeg.py#9): [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [tar](#recipe_modules-tar), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for building libffmpeg and uploading it and required source files.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/ffmpeg.py#50)(api, patch_gerrit_url, patch_project, patch_ref, patch_storage, patch_repository_url, revision, snapshot_gcs_bucket):**
### *recipes* / [fuchsia](/recipes/fuchsia.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/fuchsia.py#21): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [hash](#recipe_modules-hash), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [tar](#recipe_modules-tar), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for building Fuchsia and running tests.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/fuchsia.py#172)(api, project, manifest, remote, revision, checkout_snapshot, repository, patch_gerrit_url, patch_issue, patch_project, patch_ref, patch_repository_url, target, build_type, packages, variant, gn_args, test_pool, run_tests, runtests_args, run_host_tests, device_type, networking_for_tests, pave, ninja_targets, test_timeout_secs, requires_secrets, archive_gcs_bucket, upload_breakpad_symbols, snapshot_gcs_bucket):**
### *recipes* / [fuchsia:examples/fuchsia](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/examples/fuchsia.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/examples/fuchsia.py#17): [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [swarming](#recipe_modules-swarming), [recipe\_engine/buildbucket][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io]

Recipe for building Fuchsia and running tests.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/fuchsia/examples/fuchsia.py#116)(api, project, manifest, remote, checkout_snapshot, target, build_type, packages, variants, gn_args, ninja_targets, run_tests, runtests_args, device_type, run_host_tests, networking_for_tests, requires_secrets, snapshot_gcs_bucket, upload_breakpad_symbols, pave):**
### *recipes* / [fuchsia\_perf](/recipes/fuchsia_perf.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/fuchsia_perf.py#27): [catapult](#recipe_modules-catapult), [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [minfs](#recipe_modules-minfs), [swarming](#recipe_modules-swarming), [recipe\_engine/buildbucket][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/time][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/time]

Recipe for building Fuchsia and running performance tests.

This differs from the fuchsia recipe in the following ways:
* Performance Tests are run instead of unit tests.
* Tests are always run (this recipe is not used to verify builds).
* Test results are uploaded to the catapult dashboard after execution.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/fuchsia_perf.py#141)(api, project, manifest, remote, target, build_type, packages, variant, gn_args, ninja_targets, test_pool, catapult_url, device_type, pave, dashboard_masters_name, dashboard_bots_name, patch_ref, patch_gerrit_url, patch_project, snapshot_gcs_bucket, upload_to_dashboard, benchmarks_package):**
### *recipes* / [fuchsia\_roller](/recipes/fuchsia_roller.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/fuchsia_roller.py#14): [auto\_roller](#recipe_modules-auto_roller), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for rolling Fuchsia layers into upper layers.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/fuchsia_roller.py#69)(api, project, manifest, remote, roll_type, import_in, import_from, revision, dry_run):**
### *recipes* / [gcc\_toolchain](/recipes/gcc_toolchain.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/gcc_toolchain.py#13): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [hash](#recipe_modules-hash), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/tempfile][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/tempfile], [recipe\_engine/url][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/url]

Recipe for building GCC toolchain.

&mdash; **def [DoCheckout](/recipes/gcc_toolchain.py#49)(api, url, checkout_dir, revision, last_revision, useless_file):**

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/gcc_toolchain.py#66)(api, binutils_revision, gcc_revision):**
### *recipes* / [gerrit:examples/full](/recipe_modules/gerrit/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/gerrit/examples/full.py#5): [gerrit](#recipe_modules-gerrit), [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/gerrit/examples/full.py#12)(api):**
### *recipes* / [git:examples/full](/recipe_modules/git/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/git/examples/full.py#5): [git](#recipe_modules-git), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/time][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/time]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/git/examples/full.py#18)(api):**
### *recipes* / [gitiles:examples/full](/recipe_modules/gitiles/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/gitiles/examples/full.py#5): [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/gitiles/examples/full.py#11)(api):**
### *recipes* / [go:examples/full](/recipe_modules/go/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/go/examples/full.py#5): [go](#recipe_modules-go), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/go/examples/full.py#15)(api):**
### *recipes* / [go\_toolchain](/recipes/go_toolchain.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/go_toolchain.py#11): [git](#recipe_modules-git), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [go](#recipe_modules-go), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [recipe\_engine/cipd][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/cipd], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for building Go toolchain.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/go_toolchain.py#40)(api, repository, branch, revision, platform):**
### *recipes* / [goma:examples/full](/recipe_modules/goma/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/goma/examples/full.py#5): [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/goma/examples/full.py#14)(api):**
### *recipes* / [gsutil:examples/full](/recipe_modules/gsutil/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/gsutil/examples/full.py#5): [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/gsutil/examples/full.py#11)(api):**
### *recipes* / [hash:examples/full](/recipe_modules/hash/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/hash/examples/full.py#5): [hash](#recipe_modules-hash), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/hash/examples/full.py#11)(api):**
### *recipes* / [infra](/recipes/infra.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/infra.py#21): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [go](#recipe_modules-go), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/url][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/url]

Recipe for building and publishing infra tools.

This recipe builds one or more Go binaries in the specified project and
publishes them all to CIPD.  If one or more tests for any package in the
project fail, or one or more packages fail to build, execution stops and no
packages are uploaded.

This recipe uses golang/dep to manage dependencies, so the given project is
expected to have a Gopkg.toml file specifying its dependency restrictions.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/infra.py#103)(api, patch_gerrit_url, patch_project, patch_ref, patch_storage, patch_repository_url, project, manifest, remote, revision, packages):**

&mdash; **def [UploadPackage](/recipes/infra.py#70)(api, bin_name, bin_dir, revision, remote, platform):**

Creates and uploads a CIPD package containing the tool at bin_dir/bin_name.

The tool is published to CIPD under the path 'fuchsia/infra/$bin_name/$platform'

Args:
  bin_dir: The absolute path to the parent directory of bin_name.
  bin_name: The name of the tool binary
### *recipes* / [isolated:examples/full](/recipe_modules/isolated/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/isolated/examples/full.py#5): [isolated](#recipe_modules-isolated), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/isolated/examples/full.py#15)(api):**
### *recipes* / [jiri](/recipes/jiri.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/jiri.py#11): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [go](#recipe_modules-go), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/time][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/time]

Recipe for building Jiri.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/jiri.py#77)(api, patch_gerrit_url, patch_project, patch_ref, patch_storage, patch_repository_url, project, manifest, remote, revision, target):**

&mdash; **def [UploadPackage](/recipes/jiri.py#42)(api, revision, staging_dir):**
### *recipes* / [jiri:examples/full](/recipe_modules/jiri/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/jiri/examples/full.py#7): [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/buildbucket][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/jiri/examples/full.py#26)(api, tryjob, checkout_from_snapshot):**
### *recipes* / [licenses](/recipes/licenses.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/licenses.py#11): [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for checking license text in the source code.

Requires topaz source to be present in the manifest.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/licenses.py#41)(api, patch_gerrit_url, patch_project, patch_ref, patch_storage, patch_repository_url, project, remote, manifest, revision):**
### *recipes* / [lkgs:examples/full](/recipe_modules/lkgs/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/lkgs/examples/full.py#5): [lkgs](#recipe_modules-lkgs), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/lkgs/examples/full.py#11)(api):**
### *recipes* / [llvm](/recipes/llvm.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/llvm.py#11): [git](#recipe_modules-git), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [hash](#recipe_modules-hash), [recipe\_engine/cipd][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/cipd], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/tempfile][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/tempfile]

Recipe for building LLVM.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/llvm.py#57)(api, repository, branch, revision, platform):**
### *recipes* / [minfs:examples/full](/recipe_modules/minfs/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/minfs/examples/full.py#5): [minfs](#recipe_modules-minfs), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/minfs/examples/full.py#12)(api):**
### *recipes* / [ovmf](/recipes/ovmf.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/ovmf.py#12): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for building OVMF firmware and uploading them to CIPD.

The Open Virtual Machine Firmware (OVMF) project supports firmware for Virtual
Machines (e.g., QEMU). The produced OVMF_CODE.fd and OVMF_VARS.fd are used to
emulate EFI bootloading in QEMU in order to boot Zircon off of disk. Currently
this is only supported for x64.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/ovmf.py#29)(api):**
### *recipes* / [prebuilt\_host\_tool](/recipes/prebuilt_host_tool.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/prebuilt_host_tool.py#9): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for building and publishing CIPD prebuilts

&mdash; **def [GetBinPathComponents](/recipes/prebuilt_host_tool.py#87)(build_dir, ninja_target):**

Returns a binary's path based on its ninja target.

Args:
  build_dir: The Fuchsia build output directory
  ninja_target: A specific Ninja target that was built

Returns:
  bin_dir: The absolute path to the parent directory of bin_name.
  bin_name: The name of the tool binary

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/prebuilt_host_tool.py#104)(api, cipd_pkg_prefix, manifest, ninja_targets, packages, patch_gerrit_url, patch_project, patch_ref, project, remote, revision):**

&mdash; **def [UploadPackage](/recipes/prebuilt_host_tool.py#50)(api, bin_dir, bin_name, cipd_pkg_prefix, revision, remote):**

Creates and uploads a CIPD package containing the tool at '$bin_dir/$bin_name'.

The tool is published to CIPD under the path '$cipd_pkg_prefix/$bin_name/$platform'

Args:
  api: The RecipeApi object
  bin_dir: The absolute path to the parent directory of bin_name.
  bin_name: The name of the tool binary
  cipd_pkg_prefix: The CIPD package prefix where the tool binary should be uploaded
  revision: The revision at which the tool binary was built
  remote: The git remote where code for the tool binary lives
### *recipes* / [qemu](/recipes/qemu.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/qemu.py#11): [git](#recipe_modules-git), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [recipe\_engine/cipd][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/cipd], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/tempfile][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/tempfile]

Recipe for building QEMU.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/qemu.py#383)(api, repository, branch, revision, platform):**

&mdash; **def [build\_gettext](/recipes/qemu.py#234)(api, cipd_dir, pkg_dir, platform, host):**

&mdash; **def [build\_glib](/recipes/qemu.py#266)(api, cipd_dir, pkg_dir, platform, host):**

&mdash; **def [build\_libffi](/recipes/qemu.py#212)(api, cipd_dir, pkg_dir, platform, host):**

&mdash; **def [build\_pixman](/recipes/qemu.py#171)(api, cipd_dir, pkg_dir, platform, host):**

&mdash; **def [build\_qemu](/recipes/qemu.py#291)(api, cipd_dir, pkg_dir, platform, host):**

&mdash; **def [build\_sdl](/recipes/qemu.py#193)(api, cipd_dir, pkg_dir, platform, env={}):**

&mdash; **def [build\_zlib](/recipes/qemu.py#154)(api, cipd_dir, pkg_dir, platform):**

&mdash; **def [cmake](/recipes/qemu.py#90)(api, cipd_dir, src_dir, platform, options=[], step_name='cmake'):**

&mdash; **def [configure](/recipes/qemu.py#63)(api, cipd_dir, src_dir, platform, host, flags=[], step_name='configure'):**

&mdash; **def [platform\_sysroot](/recipes/qemu.py#50)(api, cipd_dir, platform):**

&mdash; **def [upload\_package](/recipes/qemu.py#116)(api, pkg_name, pkg_dir, repository, revision):**
### *recipes* / [qemu:examples/full](/recipe_modules/qemu/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/qemu/examples/full.py#7): [qemu](#recipe_modules-qemu), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/qemu/examples/full.py#17)(api):**
### *recipes* / [recipes](/recipes/recipes.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/recipes.py#10): [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/buildbucket][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for testing Recipes.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/recipes.py#28)(api, project, manifest, remote):**
### *recipes* / [release/cherry-pick](/recipes/release/cherry-pick.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/release/cherry-pick.py#13): [auto\_roller](#recipe_modules-auto_roller), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/time][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/time]

Recipe for cherry-picking changes into a release.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/release/cherry-pick.py#61)(api, branch, cherry_picks, remote, gerrit_project, version):**
### *recipes* / [release/snapshot](/recipes/release/snapshot.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/release/snapshot.py#11): [git](#recipe_modules-git), [lkgs](#recipe_modules-lkgs), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/time][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/time]

Recipe for automatically creating jiri snapshots from manifest commit.

&mdash; **def [GetNextReleaseTag](/recipes/release/snapshot.py#46)(api, remote):**

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/release/snapshot.py#77)(api, branch, builders, remote):**
### *recipes* / [rust\_toolchain](/recipes/rust_toolchain.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/rust_toolchain.py#14): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/url][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/url]

Recipe for building Rust toolchain.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/rust_toolchain.py#101)(api, url, ref, revision):**
### *recipes* / [sdk](/recipes/sdk.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/sdk.py#13): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [go](#recipe_modules-go), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [hash](#recipe_modules-hash), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [tar](#recipe_modules-tar), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/python][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for building Fuchsia SDKs.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/sdk.py#56)(api, patch_gerrit_url, patch_project, patch_ref, patch_storage, patch_repository_url, project, manifest, remote, revision):**

&mdash; **def [UploadArchive](/recipes/sdk.py#187)(api, sdk, out_dir, remote, revision):**

&mdash; **def [UploadPackage](/recipes/sdk.py#147)(api, sdk_name, staging_dir, remote, revision):**
### *recipes* / [service\_account:examples/full](/recipe_modules/service_account/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/service_account/examples/full.py#5): [service\_account](#recipe_modules-service_account)

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/service_account/examples/full.py#10)(api):**
### *recipes* / [swarming:examples/full](/recipe_modules/swarming/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/swarming/examples/full.py#8): [swarming](#recipe_modules-swarming), [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/swarming/examples/full.py#25)(api, spawn_tasks):**
### *recipes* / [tar:examples/full](/recipe_modules/tar/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/tar/examples/full.py#5): [tar](#recipe_modules-tar), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/tar/examples/full.py#15)(api):**
### *recipes* / [third\_party\_rust\_licenses](/recipes/third_party_rust_licenses.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/third_party_rust_licenses.py#11): [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for checking licenses in the repo hosting third-party Rust crates.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/third_party_rust_licenses.py#21)(api):**
### *recipes* / [tools](/recipes/tools.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/tools.py#12): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [go](#recipe_modules-go), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/url][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/url]

Recipe for building and publishing tools.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/tools.py#102)(api, category, patch_gerrit_url, patch_project, patch_ref, patch_storage, patch_repository_url, project, manifest, remote, revision, packages):**

&mdash; **def [upload\_package](/recipes/tools.py#61)(api, name, platform, staging_dir, revision, remote):**
### *recipes* / [tricium/clang\_tidy](/recipes/tricium/clang_tidy.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/tricium/clang_tidy.py#10): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [clang\_tidy](#recipe_modules-clang_tidy), [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [recipe\_engine/buildbucket][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/tricium][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/tricium]

Recipe for running Tricium clang-format analyzer.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/tricium/clang_tidy.py#42)(api, project, manifest, checks):**
### *recipes* / [tricium/format](/recipes/tricium/format.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/tricium/format.py#11): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [git](#recipe_modules-git), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/buildbucket][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket], [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/tricium][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/tricium]

Recipe for running Tricium clang-format analyzer.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/tricium/format.py#62)(api, project, manifest, formatters):**
### *recipes* / [web\_view](/recipes/web_view.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/web_view.py#9): [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [gitiles](#recipe_modules-gitiles), [gsutil](#recipe_modules-gsutil), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

Recipe for building libwebkit.so.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/web_view.py#51)(api, repository, branch, revision, patch_gerrit_url, patch_project, patch_ref, patch_storage, patch_repository_url, snapshot_gcs_bucket):**
### *recipes* / [zbi:examples/full](/recipe_modules/zbi/examples/full.py)

[DEPS](/recipe_modules/zbi/examples/full.py#5): [zbi](#recipe_modules-zbi), [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipe_modules/zbi/examples/full.py#13)(api):**
### *recipes* / [zircon](/recipes/zircon.py)

[DEPS](/recipes/zircon.py#15): [cipd](#recipe_modules-cipd), [fuchsia](#recipe_modules-fuchsia), [goma](#recipe_modules-goma), [isolated](#recipe_modules-isolated), [jiri](#recipe_modules-jiri), [minfs](#recipe_modules-minfs), [qemu](#recipe_modules-qemu), [swarming](#recipe_modules-swarming), [tar](#recipe_modules-tar), [recipe\_engine/context][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context], [recipe\_engine/file][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file], [recipe\_engine/json][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json], [recipe\_engine/path][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path], [recipe\_engine/platform][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform], [recipe\_engine/properties][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties], [recipe\_engine/raw\_io][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io], [recipe\_engine/source\_manifest][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/source_manifest], [recipe\_engine/step][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step], [recipe\_engine/tempfile][recipe_engine/recipe_modules/tempfile]

Recipe for building Zircon.

&mdash; **def [Build](/recipes/zircon.py#487)(api, target, toolchain, make_args, src_dir, test_cmd, needs_blkdev, device_type):**

Builds zircon and returns a path to the build output directory.

&mdash; **def [FinalizeTestsTasks](/recipes/zircon.py#396)(api, core_task, booted_task, booted_task_output_image, build_dir):**

Waits on the tasks running core tests and booted tests, then analyzes the
results.

Args:
  core_task (str): The swarming task ID of the task running core tests.
  booted_task (str): The swarming task ID of the task running booted tests.
  build_dir (Path): A path to the directory containing build artifacts.

&mdash; **def [RunSteps](/recipes/zircon.py#571)(api, patch_gerrit_url, patch_project, patch_ref, patch_storage, patch_repository_url, project, manifest, remote, revision, target, toolchain, make_args, use_kvm, run_tests, runtests_args, device_type, run_host_tests):**

&mdash; **def [RunTestsInQEMU](/recipes/zircon.py#248)(api, target, build_dir, use_kvm):**

Executes Zircon tests in QEMU on a different machine.

Args:
  api (recipe_engine.Api): The recipe engine API for this recipe.
  target (str): The zircon target architecture to execute tests on.
  build_dir (Path): Path to the build directory.
  use_kvm (bool): Whether or not to enable KVM with QEMU when testing.

&mdash; **def [RunTestsOnDevice](/recipes/zircon.py#179)(api, target, build_dir, device_type):**

Executes Zircon tests on a hardware device.

Args
  api (recipe_engine.Api): The recipe engine API for this recipe.
  target (str): The zircon target architecture to execute tests on.
  build_dir (Path): Path to the build directory.
  device_type (Enum(*DEVICES)): The type of device to run tests on.

&mdash; **def [RunTestsOnHost](/recipes/zircon.py#132)(api, build_dir):**

Runs host tests.

Args:
  build_dir (Path): Path to the build directory.

&mdash; **def [TriggerTestsTask](/recipes/zircon.py#331)(api, name, cmd, arch, use_kvm, isolated_hash, output='', timeout_secs=(60 \* 60)):**

TriggerTestsTask triggers a task to execute a command on a remote machine.

The remote machine is guaranteed to have QEMU and botanist installed

Args:
  api: Recipe engine API object.
  name (str): Name of the task.
  cmd (seq[str]): The command to execute with each argument as a separate
    list entry.
  arch (str): The target architecture to execute tests for.
  use_kvm (bool): Whether or not a bot with KVM should be requested for the
    task.
  isolated_hash (str): A digest of the isolated containing the build
    artifacts.
  output (str): Optional relative path to an output file on the target
    machine which will be isolated and returned back to the machine
    executing this recipe.
  timeout_secs (int): The amount of seconds the task should run for before
    timing out.

Returns:
  The task ID of the triggered task.

[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/buildbucket]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-buildbucket
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/cipd]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-cipd
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/context]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-context
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/file]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-file
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/json]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-json
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/path]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-path
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/platform]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-platform
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/properties]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-properties
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/python]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-python
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/raw_io]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-raw_io
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/source_manifest]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-source_manifest
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/step]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-step
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/tempfile]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-tempfile
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/time]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-time
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/tricium]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-tricium
[recipe_engine/recipe_modules/url]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/README.recipes.md#recipe_modules-url
[recipe_engine/wkt/RecipeApi]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/recipe_engine/recipe_api.py#1012
[recipe_engine/wkt/non_step]: https://chromium.googlesource.com/infra/luci/recipes-py.git/+/7a22cddcd7f3255e357a63c73df4396a43def8cd/recipe_engine/recipe_api.py#722
